Robbie
------

Robbie is an open-sourced quasi-humanoid robot platform made by Vishnu Iyer. The main purpose of Robbie is to carry small items back and forth between so-called "base points." The versatility of Robbie in this task, however, is attributed to a series of command scripts created in various ways by the user, known as RobCode files. These files are formatted onto an SD card which is then read by Robbie's SD card shield. Here is a list of RobCode keywords and symbols:

. <code>f_x</code>		moves forward x centimeters<br>
. <code>b_x</code>		moves backwards x centimeters<br>
. <code>l_x</code>		turns left<br>
. <code>r_x</code>		turns x degrees right<br>
. <code>c_x</code>		turns LED to a certain color<br>
. <code>d_0</code>		drops panel<br>
. <code>m_0</code>		moves panel to mid level<br>
. <code>u_0</code>		moves panel to held up position<br>

<br>

<h4>Project Information</h4>
<ul>
	<li>Author: Vishnu Iyer</li>
	<li>Version: 1.0 alpha</li>
	<li>Last updated: 10/21/14</li>
</ul>

Building the Robot
------------------
Go to <a href = "http://www.instructables.com/id/Robbie-Your-Own-Customizable-Humanoid-Assistant/">my project page</a> and read the Instructable on how to build Robbie. Then download the code and follow the instructions presented on the page.

Strictly client methods
-----------------------
. <code>void color(int r, int g, int b)</code>	~   Changes the color of the LED, r codes for red on/off, g codes for green on/off, b for blue on/off (each is 1 or 0)<br>
. <code>void command(String str)</code>	 	~   reads RobCode command string (str) and converts it to an action<br>
. <code>void drive(int i)</code> 		~   moves the robot's motors. 1 is for forward, 2 for reverse, 3 for left, 4 for right.

How to use the code
-------------------
Call the function command(String) with an argument from the library presented above. This will trigger the robot's actions. You can also write code of your own using the methods presented in the program. If you have any questions about the code, please do not hesitate to send me an email.
